# Coursera_Capstone

Part One:
Introduction/Business Problem:
Being one of best spots to feel both the majestic taste of the east and the modernity of the west, with more than 15 million foreign visitors in 2019. Accommodation is a crucial part of the traveling process, usually tourists spend some time looking for the best option, whether staying in a hotel or renting an apartment using services like Airbnb, the area has also to be convenient to stay in, where historical and entertainment places are accessible. Another crucial point is the price, depending on the budget goes choosing the accommodation type and place. In this project, I will try to help accelerating the decision process by providing all the needed information derived from hotels around Istanbul and Airbnb renting data for tourists to weight and have an holistic overview of all possible options.
Data Discribtion:
In this project I will be using two sources of data, first is the Forsquare location data to get the name of the hotels and the boroughs they belong to in the first step, then deriving the most common venues in each borough. To get the complete picture, I will be using Airbnb data, to get the prices and both latitude and longitude of each presented unit. For example, Istanbul has 39 borough and a touristic could be Fatih, so first we will be using Forsquare to get the hotels in this part of the city and then get the common venues like restaurants, cafes, and museums. In the next step the Airbnb rentals will be added to the equation, how much does each cost and its type alongside other details derived from Airbnb Istanbul of 2019 dataset.
